eng_weather_codes_0=tornado
eng_weather_codes_1=tropical storm
eng_weather_codes_2=hurricane
eng_weather_codes_3=severe thunderstorms
eng_weather_codes_4=thunderstorms
eng_weather_codes_5=mixed rain and snow
eng_weather_codes_6=mixed rain and sleet
eng_weather_codes_7=mixed snow and sleet
eng_weather_codes_8=freezing drizzle
eng_weather_codes_9=drizzle
eng_weather_codes_10=freezing rain
eng_weather_codes_11=showers
eng_weather_codes_12=showers
eng_weather_codes_13=snow flurries
eng_weather_codes_14=light snow showers
eng_weather_codes_15=blowing snow
eng_weather_codes_16=snow
eng_weather_codes_17=hail
eng_weather_codes_18=sleet
eng_weather_codes_19=dust
eng_weather_codes_20=foggy
eng_weather_codes_21=haze
eng_weather_codes_22=smoky
eng_weather_codes_23=blustery
eng_weather_codes_24=windy
eng_weather_codes_25=cold
eng_weather_codes_26=cloudy
eng_weather_codes_27=mostly cloudy (night)
eng_weather_codes_28=mostly cloudy (day)
eng_weather_codes_29=partly cloudy (night)
eng_weather_codes_30=partly cloudy (day)
eng_weather_codes_31=clear (night)
eng_weather_codes_32=sunny
eng_weather_codes_33=fair (night)
eng_weather_codes_34=fair (day)
eng_weather_codes_35=mixed rain and hail
eng_weather_codes_36=hot
eng_weather_codes_37=isolated thunderstorms
eng_weather_codes_38=scattered thunderstorms
eng_weather_codes_39=scattered thunderstorms
eng_weather_codes_40=scattered showers
eng_weather_codes_41=heavy snow
eng_weather_codes_42=scattered snow showers
eng_weather_codes_43=heavy snow
eng_weather_codes_44=partly cloudy
eng_weather_codes_45=thundershowers
eng_weather_codes_46=snow showers
eng_weather_codes_47=isolated thundershowers
eng_weather_codes_3200=not available